latte.md, before:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css">

# Pablo Henrique

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/16579563?v=4" class="profile-picture" alt="Profile Picture" style="border-radius: 50%; width: 150px; height: 150px;"/>

## Contact
- <i class="fas fa-github"></i> Github: [https://github.com/hlspablo](https://github.com/hlspablo)
- <i class="fas fa-linkedin"></i> LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hlspablo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hlspablo)
- <i class="fas fa-envelope"></i> Email: pabllobeg@gmail.com
- <i class="fas fa-x-twitter"></i> @hlspablox

## Experience and Projects
- **Bet Platform: Full Stack Developer (2015-2017)** <br />
  Developed a sports betting platform from scratch, integrated with sports data from SportMonks.<br />
  Stack: **Django (Python), DRF (Django Rest Framework), PostgreSQL**<br />
  Cloud: Google Cloud<br />

- **Infrabets: Project Leader / Full Stack Developer (2017-2019)**<br />
  Rewrote an existing sports betting script, adding numerous features such as live betting.<br />
  Stack: **Laravel (PHP), Websockets, MySQL**<br />
  Cloud: AWS<br />

- **Floc Food: Project Leader / Mobile Developer (2019 - 2023)**<br />
  Developed an app for ordering and delivering meals with real-time tracking, similar to iFood.<br />
  Stack: **React Native (Expo), NestJs with GraphQL (Backend), Supabase, Angular (Frontend - Kitchen)**<br />
  Cloud: Google Cloud Run<br />

- **Já Zerei: Web Developer (2023)**<br />
  Developed a platform for online game trading, enabling players to easily trade games.<br />
  Stack: **Angular with Firebase**<br />
  Cloud: Vercel<br />

## About Me
> I am a creative developer passionate about React and React Native with a strong focus on User Experience.
>
> I develop each feature with user experience, performance, and security in mind, believing that everything else is just a consequence of these.
<br />

## Key Skills
- 💻 **Languages**: JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, Python, PHP
- 🌐 **Frontend**: React, React Native, Angular, NextJS, TailwindCSS, SASS,
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Django
- 🔗 **Backend**: NestJS, GraphQL, REST, Supabase, Firebase, Nginx
- 💾 **Databases**: Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis
- 🧪 **Testing**: Jest, Playwright, React Testing Library, Detox
- 🔧 **Tools**: Git, Docker, Bash, Neovim, TypeORM, Prisma, Sentry, BullMQ
-  **Techniques**: SOLID, Design Patterns, Clean Code, DRY, DI, YAGNI,
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;DDD, TDD
-  **Other Skills**: SCRUM, Kanban, Hosting, Security, SEO, UX, CI/CD,
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Figma (Design)

## Languages 
> Portuguese **(Native)**, English **(C2)**, Spanish **(Basic)**

## Academic Background
> **Federal Institute of Piauí (IFPI)** <br />
> Analysis and Development of Systems

## Personal Qualities
> I am very open-minded, adaptable to circumstances, and have a special ability for learning.
>
> The main skills listed above are just the things I'm most in contact with, 
but I'm capable of leading people and learning whatever is necessary to achieve my goals. 
>
> I rarely give up on things I consider important. I am always learning and like to stay updated with all the latest technologies, 
especially those I work with, like React and React Native.

## Open Source Contributions
- **React Native Date Picker**: [https://github.com/henninghall/react-native-date-picker/pull/565](https://github.com/henninghall/react-native-date-picker/pull/565)
- **Radash**: [https://github.com/rayepps/radash/issues/87](https://github.com/rayepps/radash/issues/87)
- **React Native MMKV**: [https://github.com/mrousavy/react-native-mmkv/issues/369](https://github.com/mrousavy/react-native-mmkv/issues/369)
- **React Native Maps**: [https://github.com/react-native-maps/react-native-maps/issues/3459#issuecomment-1184820535](https://github.com/react-native-maps/react-native-maps/issues/3459#issuecomment-1184820535)

## Loved Books
- [Think and Grow Rich (Napoleon Hill)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Think-Grow-Rich-Napoleon-Hill/dp/1585424331)
- [Secrets of the Millionaire Mind (T. Harv Eker)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Secrets-Millionaire-Mind-Mastering-English-ebook/dp/B000FCJZ3G)
- [The Richest Man In Babylon (George S. Clason)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Richest-Man-Babylon-English-ebook/dp/B07H7HN6DN)
- [Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion (Robert B. Cialdini)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Influence-Psychology-Robert-PhD-Cialdini/dp/006124189X)

Commit message:

add arena tips to curriculums

latte.md, after:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.5.1/css/all.min.css">

# Pablo Henrique

<img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/16579563?v=4" class="profile-picture" alt="Profile Picture" style="border-radius: 50%; width: 150px; height: 150px;"/>

## Contact
- <i class="fas fa-github"></i> Github: [https://github.com/hlspablo](https://github.com/hlspablo)
- <i class="fas fa-linkedin"></i> LinkedIn: [https://www.linkedin.com/in/hlspablo](https://www.linkedin.com/in/hlspablo)
- <i class="fas fa-envelope"></i> Email: pabllobeg@gmail.com
- <i class="fas fa-x-twitter"></i> @hlspablox

## Experience and Projects
- **Bet Platform: Full Stack Developer (2015-2017)** <br />
  Developed a sports betting platform from scratch, integrated with sports data from SportMonks.<br />
  Stack: **Django (Python), DRF (Django Rest Framework), PostgreSQL**<br />
  Cloud: Google Cloud <br />

- **Arena Tips: Web Developer (2017)** <br />
  Created a Landpage for a bet counseling agency <br />
  Stack: React (Create React App)  <br />
  Cloud: Vercel<br />

- **Infrabets: Project Leader / Full Stack Developer (2017-2019)**<br />
  Rewrote an existing sports betting script, adding numerous features such as live betting.<br />
  Stack: **Laravel (PHP), Websockets, MySQL**<br />
  Cloud: AWS<br />

- **Floc Food: Project Leader / Mobile Developer (2019 - 2023)**<br />
  Developed an app for ordering and delivering meals with real-time tracking, similar to iFood.<br />
  Stack: **React Native (Expo), NestJs with GraphQL (Backend), Supabase, Angular (Frontend - Kitchen)**<br />
  Cloud: Google Cloud Run<br />

- **Já Zerei: Web Developer (2023)**<br />
  Developed a platform for online game trading, enabling players to easily trade games.<br />
  Stack: **Angular with Firebase**<br />
  Cloud: Vercel<br />

## About Me
> I am a creative developer passionate about React and React Native with a strong focus on User Experience.
>
> I develop each feature with user experience, performance, and security in mind, believing that everything else is just a consequence of these.
<br />

## Key Skills
- 💻 **Languages**: JavaScript (ES6+), TypeScript, Python, PHP
- 🌐 **Frontend**: React, React Native, Angular, NextJS, TailwindCSS, SASS,
     &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Django
- 🔗 **Backend**: NestJS, GraphQL, REST, Supabase, Firebase, Nginx
- 💾 **Databases**: Postgres, MySQL, MongoDB, Redis
- 🧪 **Testing**: Jest, Playwright, React Testing Library, Detox
- 🔧 **Tools**: Git, Docker, Bash, Neovim, TypeORM, Prisma, Sentry, BullMQ
-  **Techniques**: SOLID, Design Patterns, Clean Code, DRY, DI, YAGNI,
      &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;DDD, TDD
-  **Other Skills**: SCRUM, Kanban, Hosting, Security, SEO, UX, CI/CD,
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Figma (Design)

## Languages 
> Portuguese **(Native)**, English **(C2)**, Spanish **(Basic)**

## Academic Background
> **Federal Institute of Piauí (IFPI)** <br />
> Analysis and Development of Systems

## Personal Qualities
> I am very open-minded, adaptable to circumstances, and have a special ability for learning.
>
> The main skills listed above are just the things I'm most in contact with, 
but I'm capable of leading people and learning whatever is necessary to achieve my goals. 
>
> I never give up on things that I consider important. I am always learning and like to stay updated with all the latest technologies, 
especially those I work with, like React and React Native.

## Open Source Contributions
- **React Native Date Picker**: [https://github.com/henninghall/react-native-date-picker/pull/565](https://github.com/henninghall/react-native-date-picker/pull/565)
- **Radash**: [https://github.com/rayepps/radash/issues/87](https://github.com/rayepps/radash/issues/87)
- **React Native MMKV**: [https://github.com/mrousavy/react-native-mmkv/issues/369](https://github.com/mrousavy/react-native-mmkv/issues/369)
- **React Native Maps**: [https://github.com/react-native-maps/react-native-maps/issues/3459#issuecomment-1184820535](https://github.com/react-native-maps/react-native-maps/issues/3459#issuecomment-1184820535)

## Loved Books
- [Think and Grow Rich (Napoleon Hill)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Think-Grow-Rich-Napoleon-Hill/dp/1585424331)
- [Secrets of the Millionaire Mind (T. Harv Eker)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Secrets-Millionaire-Mind-Mastering-English-ebook/dp/B000FCJZ3G)
- [The Richest Man In Babylon (George S. Clason)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Richest-Man-Babylon-English-ebook/dp/B07H7HN6DN)
- [Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion (Robert B. Cialdini)](https://www.amazon.com.br/Influence-Psychology-Robert-PhD-Cialdini/dp/006124189X)
